v0.28: Smart cropping (#1730)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/api/search.md

Instead of supplying individual attributes, you can provide `["*"]` as a wildcard: `attributesToCrop=["*"]`. This causes `_formatted` to include the cropped values of all attributes present in [`attributesToRetrieve`](#attributes-to-retrieve).

> #### Cropping rules

Reviewer: "Rules" makes me think of ranking rules, linter rules, things that are customizable by the user. I would prefer something like "Cropping algorithm" or "Cropping explanation".

> Suppose you have a field containing the following string: `Donatello is a skilled and smart turtle. Leonardo is the most skilled turtle. Raphael is the strongest turtle.`

Reviewer: Poor Donatello, not the best in anything 😭

> Meilisearch respects sentence boundaries when cropping. For example, if your search term is `Leonardo` and your `cropLength` is 6, Meilisearch will prioritize keeping the sentence together and return: `Leonardo is the most skilled turtle.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meilisearch tries to respect sentence boundaries when cropping. For example, if your search term is `Leonardo` and your `cropLength` is 6, Meilisearch will prioritize keeping the sentence together and return: `Leonardo is the most skilled turtle.`
```

> If a query contains only a single search term, Meilisearch crops around the first occurrence of that term. If you search for `turtle` and your `cropLength` is 7, Meilisearch will return the first instance of that word: `Donatello is a skilled and smart turtle.`

Reviewer: Is this right?

I expected it to return `... skilled turtle. Raphael is the strongest turtle." since that has two instances of the query term, and they're closer together than the previous two "turtle"s.

@gmourier @ManyTheFish 👀

Author: I _think_ sentence context wins in this case, but that's a very good point. I'll get in touch with @ManyTheFish once he's back.

Reviewer 2: Hello @dichotommy @guimachiavelli.

@dichotommy should be right because `... skilled turtle. Raphael is the strongest turtle.` contains 2 matches, where `Donatello is a skilled and smart turtle.` contains only one 😕

Author: Thanks for clearing this up, @ManyTheFish.

Perhaps the easiest way to make this accurate and illustrative is to reduce `cropLength` to 5. That should return `… a skilled and smart turtle`, correct? (There are no instances of `turtle` within 5 words of each other, so I _think_ all instances of turtle have the same weight.)

Author: After testing this in the latest RC (v0.28.0rc2), it seems the original example was correct. 

Even though `turtle` does appear two times in `… skilled turtle. Raphael is the strongest turtle.`, the algorithm looks for _unique_ matches in the cropped segment. In this situation, Meilisearch keeps the first match and ignores the other instances of `turtle`.

I have confirmed this is the expected behaviour with core and am marking the suggestion as resolved.

If a query contains multiple search terms, Meilisearch centers the crop around the largest number of unique matches, giving priority to terms that are closer to each other and follow the original query order. If you search for `skilled turtle` with a `cropLength` of 6, Meilisearch will return `Leonardo is the most skilled turtle`.

> If Meilisearch does not find any query terms in a field, cropping begins at the first word in that field. If you search for `Michelangelo` with a `cropLength` of 4, Meilisearch will return `Donatello is a skilled …`.

Reviewer: Technically the document wouldn't even come up as a result, would it? Can we make this clearer somehow?
